Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english
zombieArlene,entityclasses,Entity,,,Arlene
zombieArleneFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Arlene
zombieArleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Arlene
zombieBehemoth,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Behemoth
zombieBoe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Boe,,
zombieBoeFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Boe,,
zombieBoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Boe,,
zombieBurnt,entityclasses,Entity,,,Toastie,,
zombieCheerleader,entityclasses,Entity,,,Chelsea,,
zombieCheerleaderFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Chelsea
zombieCheerleaderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Chelsea
zombieDarlene,entityclasses,Entity,,,Decayed Karen,,
zombieDarleneFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Karen,,
zombieFatCop,entityclasses,Entity,,,Infected Cop,,
zombieFatCopFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Cop,,
zombieFatCopRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Cop,,
zombieFemaleFat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Big Momma,,
zombieFemaleFatFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Big Momma,,
zombieJoe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Festering Joe,,
zombieJoeFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Joe,,
zombieMaleHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Hazardous Worker,,
zombieMarlene,entityclasses,Entity,,,Marlene,,
zombieMarleneFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Marlene,,
zombieMoe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Moe,,
zombieMoeFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Moe,,
zombieNurse,entityclasses,Entity,,,Sylvia,,
zombieNurseFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Sylvia,,
zombieScreamer,entityclasses,Entity,,,Annoying Bitch,,
zombieScreamerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Annoying Bitch,,
zombieScreamerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Annoying Bitch,,
zombieSkateboarder,entityclasses,Entity,,,Jason,,
zombieSkateboarderFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Jason,,
zombieSoldier,entityclasses,Entity,,,Fallen Soldier,,
zombieSoldierFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Soldier,,
zombieSpider,entityclasses,Entity,,,Spider Zombie,,
zombieSpiderFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Spider Zombie,,
zombieSpiderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Spider Zombie,,
zombieSteve,entityclasses,Entity,,,Steve,,
zombieSteveCrawler,entityclasses,Entity,,,Ankle Biter,,
zombieSteveCrawlerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Ankle Biter,,
zombieSteveFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Steve,,
zombieStripper,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zombie Cheyenne,,
zombieStripperFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Cheyenne,,
zombieWightFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Wight,,
zombieYo,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rotting Yo,,
zombieYoFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Yo,,

animalZombieVulture,entityclasses,Entity,,,Danger Chicken,,
animalSnake,entityclasses,Entity,,,Danger Noodle,,
animalZombieDog,entityclasses,Entity,,,Fido,,
animalDireWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,Big Bastard Wolf,,

zombieArleneV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Arlene,,
zombieArleneV2,entityclasses,Entity,,,Arlene,,
zombieArleneV3,entityclasses,Entity,,,Arlene,,
zombieArleneV4,entityclasses,Entity,,,Arlene,,
zombieArleneRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Arlene,,
zombieArleneFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Arlene,,
zombieBoeV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Boe,,
zombieBoeV2,entityclasses,Entity,,,Boe,,
zombieBoeV3,entityclasses,Entity,,,Boe,,
zombieBoeV4,entityclasses,Entity,,,Boe,,
zombieBoeRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Boe,,
zombieBoeFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Boe,,
zombieSteveCrawlerV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Ankle Biter,,
zombieSteveCrawlerV2,entityclasses,Entity,,,Ankle Biter,,
zombieSteveCrawlerV3,entityclasses,Entity,,,Ankle Biter,,
zombieSteveCrawlerV4,entityclasses,Entity,,,Ankle Biter,,
zombieMoeV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Moe,,
zombieMoeV2,entityclasses,Entity,,,Moe,,
zombieMoeV3,entityclasses,Entity,,,Moe,,
zombieMoeV4,entityclasses,Entity,,,Moe,,
zombieMoeRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Moe,,
zombieMoeFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Moe,,
zombieYoV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rotting Yo,,
zombieYoV2,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rotting Yo,,
zombieYoV3,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rotting Yo,,
zombieYoV4,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rotting Yo,,
zombieYoRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Rotting Yo,,
zombieYoFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Rotting Yo,,
zombieFemaleFatV1,entityclasses,Entity,,,Big Momma,,

gunBowT0PrimitiveBow,items,Gun,,,Shitty Bow,,
apparelPlantFiberPants,items,Clothing,,,"Shitty Quality Pants",,
apparelPlantFiberShirt,items,Clothing,,,"Shitty Quality Shirt",,